THE AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION OF
THE UNITED STATES AS RATIFIED BY THE STATES

Preamble to the
Bill of Rights
Congress of the United States
begun and held at the City of New-York, on
Wednesday the fourth of March,

THE Conventions of a number of the States, having at
the time of their adopting the Constitution, expressed
a desire, in order to prevent misconstruction or abuse
of its powers, that further declaratory and restrictive
clauses should be added: And as extending the ground
of public confidence in the Government, will best
ensure the beneficent ends of its institution
RESOLVED by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of America,
in Congress assembled, two thirds of both Houses
concurring, that the following Articles be proposed to
the Legislatures of the several States, as amendments
to the Constitution of the United States, all, or any of
which Articles, when ratified by three fourths of the said
Legislatures, to be valid to all intents and purposes, as
part of the said Constitution; viz.
ARTICLES in addition to, and Amendment of the
Constitution of the United States of America, proposed
by Congress, and ratified by the Legislatures of the
several States, pursuant to the fifth Article of the
original Constitution.
(Note: The first 10 amendments to the Constitution were
ratified December 15, 1791, and form what is known as
the “Bill of Rights.”)

C O N S T I T UT I O N O F T H E UN I T E D S TAT E S

Amendment I.
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of
religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the right
of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the
Government for a redress of grievances.

Amendment II.
A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of
a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms,
shall not be infringed.

Amendment III.
No Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any
house, without the consent of the Owner, nor in time of
war, but in a manner to be prescribed by law.

Amendment IV.
The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and
seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue,
but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched,
and the persons or things to be seized.

Amendment V.
No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise
infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of
a Grand Jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval
forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time of
War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for
the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb;
nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness
against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property,
without due process of law; nor shall private property be
taken for public use, without just compensation.

