Amendment XV.

Amendment XVIII.

Passed by Congress February 26, 1869. Ratified February 3, 1870.

Passed by Congress December 18, 1917. Ratified January 16,
1919. Repealed by the 21 Amendment, December 5, 1933.

SECTION 1
The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be
denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on
account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude.

SECTION 2
The Congress shall have the power to enforce this article by
appropriate legislation.

Amendment XVI.

SECTION 1
After one year from the ratification of this article the
manufacture, sale, or transportation of intoxicating liquors
within, the importation thereof into, or the exportation
thereof from the United States and all territory subject to
the jurisdiction thereof for beverage purposes is hereby
prohibited.

SECTION 2

Passed by Congress July 2, 1909. Ratified February 3, 1913.

The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent
power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.

(Note: Article I, Section 9 of the Constitution was modified by
the 16 h Amendment.)

SECTION 3

The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on
incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any
census or enumeration.

This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been
ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of the several States, as provided in the Constitution,
within seven years from the date of the submission hereof
to the States by the Congress.

Amendment XVII.
Passed by Congress May 13, 1912. Ratified April 8, 1913.

(Note: Article I, Section 3 of the Constitution was modified by
the 17th Amendment.)
The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two
Senators from each State, elected by the people thereof, for
six years; and each Senator shall have one vote. The electors
in each State shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the State legislatures.
When vacancies happen in the representation of any State
in the Senate, the executive authority of such State shall
issue writs of election to fill such vacancies: Provided, That
the legislature of any State may empower the executive
thereof to make temporary appointments until the people
fill the vacancies by election as the legislature may direct.
This amendment shall not be so construed as to affect the
election or term of any Senator chosen before it becomes
valid as part of the Constitution.

C O N S T I T UT I O N O F T H E UN I T E D S TAT E S

Amendment XIX.
Passed by Congress June 4, 1919. Ratified August 18, 1920.

The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not
be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State
on account of sex.
Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.

