Amendment XXII.

Amendment XXIII.

Passed by Congress March 21, 1947. Ratified February 27,
951.

Passed by Congress June 16, 1960. Ratified March 29, 1961.

SECTION 1
No person shall be elected to the office of the President
more than twice, and no person who has held the office of
President, or acted as President, for more than two years of
a term to which some other person was elected President
shall be elected to the office of President more than once.
But this Article shall not apply to any person holding the
office of President when this Article was proposed by Congress, and shall not prevent any person who may be holding
the office of President, or acting as President, during the
term within which this Article becomes operative from
holding the office of President or acting as President during
the remainder of such term.

SECTION 2
This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been
ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the several States within seven
years from the date of its submission to the States by the
Congress.

SECTION 1
The District constituting the seat of Government of the
United States shall appoint in such manner as Congress
may direct:
A number of electors of President and Vice President equal
to the whole number of Senators and Representatives
in Congress to which the District would be entitled if it
were a State, but in no event more than the least populous
State; they shall be in addition to those appointed by the
States, but they shall be considered, for the purposes of
the election of President and Vice President, to be electors
appointed by a State; and they shall meet in the District
and perform such duties as provided by the twelfth article
of amendment.

SECTION 2
The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by
appropriate legislation.

Amendment XXIV.
Passed by Congress August 27, 1962. Ratified January 23, 1964.

SECTION 1
The right of citizens of the United States to vote in any primary or other election for President or Vice President, for
electors for President or Vice President, or for Senator or
Representative in Congress, shall not be denied or abridged
by the United States or any State by reason of failure to pay
poll tax or other tax.

SECTION 2
The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by
appropriate legislation.

C O N S T I T UT I O N O F T H E UN I T E D S TAT E S

